ENG-627: Docs for CloudCompute Mount Argument (#15182)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-app/workflows/mount_aws_s3_bucket.rst

arbitrary files from S3 into the application; this might be training data, model checkpoints,
or configuration files (among many other use cases).

----

***********
Limitations
***********

Currently the following limitations are enforced when using a ``Mount``:

* Mounted files from an S3 bucket are ``read only``. Any modifications, additions, or deletions
  to files in the mounted directory will not be reflected in the cloud object store.
* Mounts can only be configured for a ``LightningWork``. Use in ``LightningFlow`` is not currently supported.
* Only public S3 buckets can be mounted.
* We enforce a hard limit of ``1,000,000`` objects which we can mount from a particular bucket prefix.
* The maximum size of an object in the bucket can be no more than ``5 GiB``.
* If multiple mounts are configured for a single ``Work``, then they must each specify unique ``root_dir``
  arguments (a unique mount point).

.. warning::
   If the bucket prefix contains more than ``1,000,000`` objects or a file greater than ``5 GiB`` in size
   then the ``LightningWork`` with the ``Mount`` configured on it will fail before it begins running on the cloud.

----

> *****************************
> Configuring a Mount in a Work
> *****************************
> 
> In order to configure a mounted s3 bucket in a work, you simply set the ``mounts`` field of a ``CloudCompute``
> object which is passed to any ``LightingWork`` class. The ``source`` field indicates the bucket prefix (i.e. folder)
> to use as the data source, and the ``root_dir`` argument is used to specify where the data should appear on the
> filesystem disk.
> 
> .. code-block::python
> 
>     import lightning as L
>     from lightning_app import CloudCompute
>     from lightning_app.storage import Mount
> 
>     class Flow(L.LightningFlow):
>        def __init__(self):
>            super().__init__()
>            self.my_work = MyWorkClass(
>                cloud_compute=CloudCompute(
>                    mounts=Mount(
>                        source="s3://ryft-public-sample-data/esRedditJson/",
>                        root_dir="/content/esRedditJson/",
>                    ),
>                )
>            )
> 
>        def run(self):
>            self.my_work.run()
> 
> You can also pass multiple mounts to a single work by passing a ``List[Mount(...), ...]`` to the
> ``CloudCompute(mounts=...)`` argument.
> 
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a Mount
*****************************
To mount data from a cloud bucket to your app compute, initialize a `mount` object with the source path and the directory where it should be mounted and pass it to the CloudCompute it should be mounted on.

.. code-block::python

    import lightning as L
    from lightning_app import CloudCompute
    from lightning_app.storage import Mount
    
    # add the S3 prefix
    mount = Mount(source="s3://ryft-public-sample-data/esRedditJson/",
    # set the path you want to mount the data to
                               mount_path="/content/esRedditJson/")

    class Flow(L.LightningFlow):
       def __init__(self):
           super().__init__()
           self.my_work = MyWorkClass(
               cloud_compute=CloudCompute(
                   mounts=mount)
               )
           )

       def run(self):
           self.my_work.run()

You can also pass multiple mounts to a single work by passing a ``List[Mount(...), ...]`` to the
``CloudCompute(mounts=...)`` argument.

----
```

***********************

> Accessing Files on Disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access mount files
```

***********************

> When a mount is configured in for a ``LightningWork`` running in the cloud, the ``root_dir`` directory

Reviewer: It's mounted to a cloudcompute, not a work
